# MultiLabel Text classification with Doc2Vec

The objective of this project is to investigate the technique of word embeddings for the representation of sentences. Word embeddings are usually applied to single words, while with this technique it is possible to represent groups of words with the same approach, which simplifies notably the process of analysing text through highly non linear models, such as artificial neural networks.
There exist more traditional methods for dealing with such problems, which are based on Bags-of-Words or tf-idf representations. those methods are based on word counting, while they do not take in consideration the relative positions of the words.
Word2Vec, which is the word level version of Doc2Vec, has been revolutionary for the field of text analysis. It showed how it is possible to infer the semantic information of words from their relative position in the sentences. For this reason these methods are capable of extracting way more information from text.
The biggest drawback of these methods is that they require a lot of text in order to be trained, but there is still a solution, in fact, through transfer learning or pretrained models it is possible to compute word embeddings without taking care of the whole training process.
The dataset I have chosen for this process is the [StackOverflow questions with tags](https://www.kaggle.com/c/facebook-recruiting-iii-keyword-extraction/overview). It contains 6 millions of questions, with around 4 tags each, so it requires a multiclass prediction approach.
The method will be to first process the text and then apply the Doc2Vec implementation from the GenSim python library. Once the vectors are generated from the documents, it will be possible to implement a multiclass neural network model, using the Tensorflow library.
Finally the results will be compared with those of the traditional methods that can be found in the literature, like [this](http://cs229.stanford.edu/proj2014/Mihail%20Eric,%20Ana%20Klimovic,%20Victor%20Zhong,MLNLP-Autonomous%20Tagging%20Of%20Stack%20Overflow%20Posts.pdf) one.
